# NYC Citi Bike Analysis 
Hello potential investors, I would like to breakdown the information shown in my tableau story and hopefully provide useful insights for your decisions. Now, I found that Des Moines population is very different than NYC. The difference is that Des Moines is much smaller. Des Moines population is far less than 1  million and NYC's population is over 8 million. Here is the crux of the issue, there are less people to use the bike service. I would argue that NYC also has a larger demand for a bike service, it allows those without a bus pass or metro card to commute, it is an affordable means of transportation for the large amount of annual tourists and much more. With that said, these could be arguments for a bike service in Des Moines. I belive that the large difference in population and NYC's success with bike services should be taken into cosideration. Does the lower population make a bike service obsolete in Des Moines? I believe tha answer is no. Here is my belief why, Des Moines is a city just like NYC, though they are very different in many aspects, I belive the success in NYC would translate to Des Moines. The reson why is that most desired destinations are within a 20 minute commute in a vehicle such as the DART transportation services provided, so biking to desired destinations would not be too great of a task, especially if someone wants to sight see in the process. But Des Moines is a beautiful place with lots to see. I belive that it would be a wise investment to have a bike service in Des Moines, especially for those who do not get their needs met with the DART services provided. Another great reason I belive a bike service will succeed in Des Moines is its flourishing tourism base. In 2016 Des Moines had 13.7 million visitors who generated 838 million dollars in spending. With this statistic it seems like an obvious choice to give tourists a way to not only genrate more revenue for the city, but for a bike service that would cater to the needs and wants of tourists. Tourists want to have an experience when visiting a new place. What better way to experience every part of the city you want than a bike? A bike can get tourists to places a bus cannot, plain and simple. 

Tableau Story/Challenge Link 
https://public.tableau.com/profile/dillon.hamilton#!/vizhome/bikesharingChallnege/ChallengeStory?publish=yes

Resources
https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/fact/table/newyorkcitynewyork,NY/PST045219
https://www.census.gov/quickfacts/desmoinescityiowa
